Minor change to include Base ASG option to docs. (#7113)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/aws/asg-tutorial.md

   
   You can use the same AWS connector you used when adding the AMI artifact in the Harness service. Ensure the AWS IAM user in the AWS connector credentials meets the [AWS policy requirements](#aws-policy-requirements).
8. In **Region**, select the AWS region where you want the ASG deployed.

> 9. Optionally, in **Base ASG**, select an existing ASG as the base for new ASG deployments. Harness will clone the base ASG as a template to create a new ASG for the deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Optionally, in **Base ASG**, select an existing ASG as the base for new ASG deployments. Harness then clones the base ASG as a template to create a new ASG for the deployment. 
```
I'm thinking future tense is OK in this context,  but consider using present tense instead. 
https://developers.google.com/style/tense

Reviewer 2: Agreed with Douglas' feedback. It reads better for the user. :)
